with this lovely skin left on top that's
obviously going to create the crackling
and to help that along I'm just going to
score it in strips and you can see
they're about between one and two
centimetres apart and you can see
exactly what we've created here these
nice long lines the next thing I'm going
to do is just season the base of this
with some salt and pepper and now of
course we're going to pop this into a
roasting tray because this in fact is
going to be roasted at a very low
temperature about a hundred and sixty
degrees so that's about a gasp mark
three but there is one thing I do want
to make sure of and that's because this
is going to be sitting in an oven for
three hours I want to make sure as you
can see all of this lovely succulent
meat here is not going to be coming in
contact with the actual tray itself if
it does of course it tends to become a
little bit dry and almost leathery
underneath and I want to actually make
sure it's going to be succulent all the
way through so here's a little
suggestion I've just taken two large
onions and we're going to split those
straight through the center like that
and you have an instant trivet now of
course we can sit this on top now I'm
going to brush this first with just a
little touch of oil can be just a
vegetable oil or a ground our toil will
be fine and now a little touch of the
table salt to begin with and the table
salt will be absolutely fine just on its
own but to add a little bit of extra
texture I've got some coarse sea salt so
just a little touch of this as well
across the top now all we have to do is
pop this into the oven for the three
hours and because of the fat content
sitting underneath the skin itself
basting so consequently you don't need
to be forever going back to the oven and
checking and spooning over and spooning
over the only thing you should take note
of is of course the onions have been
placed straight into the pan the
moisture will be created from the pork
but every now and again you may find you
just need to add at a
we'll spoon or two of water to prevent
them from sticking but that's all now
once they've been roasted I'll show you
the results now how different list looks
now and you can see now we've got that
lovely little crunchy topping there and
the onions they've almost souffle din
the center so they've taken on a lot of
that flavor of course whenever you're
roasting one of the most important
things is to relax and rest the meat so
that's lifted there lovely piece of pork
and now these super soft onions and they
really are good
so there we have the pork and the onions
now of course there's all of the flavor
still left in the pan but I want you to
take a good look at this because you can
see that is still quite a lot of oil
that's been released from the pork
itself and I want to pour that away all
of this these pork juices that are some
collected in the pan so all I'm going to
do now is put a little bit of extra heat
into the pan and then add to it just
some chicken stock if you use about 300
milliliters you're going to end up with
a really nice liquor just to help
moisten the rest of that pork now the
best thing now of course is just allow
this to simmer just for a few minutes so
you can see that it's lifted everything
from the base of the pan it's all worked
into the stock itself now we've got some
nice bubbling going on and you can see
now how all of these flavors are being
lifted so to remove any residue in there
we're just going to pass that through a
fine sieve